Many countless nights passed…
FIRE Many countless nights passed…
WIND Chakra had been dispersed to those who were unworthy.
EARTH The seal that caused such deep humiliation…
LIGHTNING The seal that caused such deep humiliation…
WATER …has now been shattered.
May the infinite moonlight guide you… Use my body…
and become one again!
Awaken, god almighty!
Progenitor of chakra!
Thus concludes the tale of revival…
It's chakra!
This is really bad, Sasuke!
This chakra is much stronger than Ten Tails'!
Stop them before they move!
Like two moths flying into the flame…
I'm going to absorb
all the chakra out of the two of you right now.
Damn it!
Isn't she…
Isn't she the one Super Gramps talked about?
Kaguya…Otsutsuki?!
She of the Beginning
Sasuke!
Sasuke! Naruto!
The way they are currently, those two can manage…
But Sakura…
Don't make any careless moves right now!
These two…
are Hagoromo and Hamura's…
No, rather they're… Indra and Ashura's…
So it was Hagoromo who gave them the jutsu…
Sasuke! Naruto!
Thank goodness!
Who is she?
And why did Madara suddenly become her?
This chakra is far greater than Madara's…
I can't believe such a person ever existed.
Hagoromo knew she would appear,
that's why he entrusted us with—
Obito…
What are your intentions?
Ninshu… No, you said shinobi…
It's futile to speak to you about that,
when all you do is just tamper with chakra,
without knowing its true meaning.
This place, this land… is my precious nursery.
I cannot let it be damaged further.
Let us stop fighting…
Then…
Here that is…
I shall erase… You all here…
No way!
Is that lava below?
Is this a genjutsu?
No… This feels… different!
Summoning Jutsu!
Sasuke! Over there!
What're you doing? Help them, not me!
How did you…?
Kakashi tied one end of a scroll onto a kunai and used it like a rope.
For Obito, he just pinned him to the wall with a kunai, however…
Way to go, Kakashi Sensei!
Obito…
Sorry for being rough with you…
Oh!
It wasn't a genjutsu, after all…
Don't tell me…
She summoned a different dimension?
Eyes forward, Naruto.
Naruto… I'm going to be frank with you…
This world will come to an end if either one of us dies.
Only your Six Paths Power of the Light Style
and my Six Paths Power of the Shadow Style,
can seal away that being in front of us.
If we don't succeed, mankind will perish.
We can't afford to die, no matter what…
When the Infinite Tsukuyomi was launched…
Kakashi and Sakura just happened to be near you…
That's just how it is.
You understand what that means, right?
I know.
I get what you're saying and I know that you're right.
But…this is also a situation when your body just moves on its own…
Like that time on the bridge.
Sasuke, you…!
Why did you protect me?
What's with that look? Loser…
Why did you—?!
For me—?
You should have just minded your own business!
How should I know?
My body just moved on its own…
Well, never mind.
I know that you get what I mean, Sasuke.
Sasuke's right.
Back then… Maybe Sasuke acted subconsciously…
Even so…
Thank you…Naruto.
Damn it!
Now's our chance!
Byakugan!
Damn it! My hawk's Chakra Points have been hit!
This calls for Susano'o!
Madara's rods are…
I can finally move…
Now if…
If I head to the spot where I sensed that massive chakra…
I might learn something.
But…the chakra suddenly dissipated.
FOURTH HOKAGE
They've disappeared… Did they defeat Madara?
I've got to get to Naruto… just one more time…
Naruto, you—?!
Huh?
You can levitate?
That's right…
Madara, when he was enhanced by Six Paths' chakra, also levitated…
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Take care of Sakura and Kakashi Sensei.
Six Paths' Chakra…
You act triumphantly just because you have a special accoutrement.
However…
No matter what kind of chakra…
All chakra belongs to me and me alone.
Once more…
…I shall reunify all chakra!
Sasuke! Now!
Sasuke!
Damn it! I can't stop!
Even Susano'o doesn't work.
Let's get Obito while we still have the chance.
I forgot that you could use Teleportation-like jutsu now.
You had me worried there!
It's like this foothold.
We've both benefitted from Six Paths' power.
But having received it is meaningless unless we seal her away.
Yeah!
My children, with whom I shared my chakra…
I can't move…
Now…come to your mother…
She's taking…our chakra, Sasuke!
Kaguya seems to see her two children…
when she looks at the two of you.
Isn't that sweet?
She, who was sealed away by her own children.
Such a poor, pitiable mother…
Why'd Six Paths Super Gramps seal away his own mom?
I thought he sealed away Ten Tails…
It appears you have the wrong idea…
Just who and what are you, Black Zetsu?
I am Kaguya's child.
What?!
His aura seems different, all of a sudden…
I recorded everything that happened while Mother was gone.
And molded it as well.
The tale of shinobi… is the tale of restoring Mother.
Huh?! What're you talking about?!
What do you mean?
Since you know Mother's name, you must have met Hagoromo.
I knew that it was possible, depending on the power of the reincarnates.
As well as receiving the power to seal away Mother…
But we're gonna seal away the Ten Tails!
It's rare to see the reincarnates of Indra and Ashura
cooperating this closely.
You two know nothing.
Let me tell you her tale while I suck out all of your chakra.
Like I told you earlier…
Mother was sealed away previously by her own children.
Apparently, it was an extremely powerful seal…
The jutsu transformed Ten Tails into
a Catastrophic Planetary Devastation core…
…and turned it into the moon.
But just before the seal took hold, she gave birth to me.
In order that she could one day be restored.
I shall now show you two all of that…
I don't have any candy, but the puppet show is about to begin.
Are you saying that she came from the heavens?
Yes, this woman appeared in the spot where the light had fallen…
What is your name?
Answer him! The man standing before you
is the King of the Land of Sou, Lord Tenji!
My name is…
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Kaguya Otsutsuki"
The ones who protect the Chakra Fruit—!
KAGUYA OTSUTSUKI Tune in again!